---
layout: nav_menu_item
status: publish
published: true
author:
  display_name: colin
  login: colin
  email: colin@cwoodford.com
  url: ''
author_login: colin
author_email: colin@cwoodford.com
wordpress_id: 339
wordpress_url: http://colinwoodford.com/?p=339
date: '2011-08-10 22:47:49 -0400'
date_gmt: '2011-08-10 22:47:49 -0400'
categories: []
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p>Colin Woodford was unaware of how far he would delve into acareer in design when he discovered how fabrics were made at the age of 16 during a men&rsquo;s tailoring class. His fascination with fabrics led him down a path of Tailor & Cutter honors classes, commercial art, and finally at the age twenty one in San Francisco where he furthered his apparel design education at the Pacific Fashion Institute.<br />
Raised in Singapore by a Japanese mother and Eurasian father during a great time of cultural blending and modernization, &ldquo;Thinking globally is not a new phrase to me.&rdquo; says Colin, &ldquo;It&rsquo;s who I&rsquo;ve always been. Inspiration and a desire to create new things while melding many cultural influences naturally springs from such a rich and diverse background as mine.&rdquo;<br />
Colin has lived and designed in New York, San Francisco, Italy, Hong Kong, Australia, and China. His prestigious work history and client list include companies such as Henry Grethel, Banana Republic, Country Road Australia, The Orvis Co., L.L. Bean, Woolrich, The North Face, Simms Fishing, Royal Robbins, JL Powell, Levi Strauss & Co., Smith & Hawken, Paul & Shark, Head Sportswear, Inc., Nordstrom, and, J.C. Penney.<br />
In 1998 Ermenegildo Zegna approached Colin asking him to create an active sportswear line that would adhere to the high standards and elegance that is Zegna. Colin&rsquo;s solution? Zegna Sport, pure elegance in design and function.</p>
